feat: add domain resource import (#53)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcf: README.md

To instead use a custom-built provider in your Terraform environment (e.g. the provider binary from the build instructions above), follow the instructions to [install it as a plugin.](https://www.terraform.io/docs/plugins/basics.html#installing-plugins) After placing the custom-built provider into your plugins directory,  run `terraform init` to initialize it.

> **NOTE:** The provider doesn't currently support VCF on VxRail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The provider doesn't currently support VMware Cloud Foundation on VxRail
```
